
=head1 NAME

katello-configure - Katello project configurator

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    katello-configure
        [ -h | --help ]
	[ --only-show-config ]
	CLI_OPTIONS

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The B<katello-configure> program will configure all aspects of the
Katello project installation and its components. It can be run either
with answer file which would contain the configuration values, or
the configuration values can be specified as command line parameters
on the command line. The values from user answer file override the
default configuration values, and they are further overriden by
options specified on the command line.

All configuration options provided are stored in the
/etc/katello/katello-configure.conf file which is always loaded 
on subsequent executions of katello-configure. To override a value,
provide it on the commandline or edit the configuration file.

All the default options are stored in the
/usr/share/katello/install/default-answer-file.

=head1 COMMAND LINE PARAMETERS

=over 4

CLI_OPTIONS_LONG

=item --no-bars, -b

Do not print progress bars and show puppet log output instead.

=item --debug, -d

Increase loggingof puppet to debug (generates lots of log messages).

=item --only-show-config, -c

Only print the resulting configuration and exit, do not execute any of
the configuration steps. The output is what would be stored in the
C</etc/katello/katello-configure.conf> file, list of non-options
collected from user answer files and command line options.

=item --help, -h

Display short summary of all options.

=back

=head1 EXAMPLE

First Katello configuration with the most typical options:

  katello-configure --user-name=superadmin \
    --user-pass=MyPassWord123 \
    --user-email=my.email@foobar.com \
    --org-name=foobar_inc

Additional change of ElasticSearch heap memory value:

  katello-configure --es-min-mem=512m --es-max-mem=1024m

All the parameters are kept in the answer file.

=head1 VERSION

THE_VERSION

=head1 SEE ALSO

katello(8), katello(1)
