=head1 NAME

katello-upgrade - Katello upgrade tool

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    katello-upgrade
        [ -a | --autostop ]
        [ -y | --assumeyes ]
        [ -n | --dryrun ]
        [ -q | --quiet ]
        [ --describe ]
        [ --trace ]
        [ --noservicecheck ]
        [ --norootcheck ]
        [ --deployment=DEPLOYMENT ]
        [ -h | --help ]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The B<katello-upgrade> program will upgrade a previously installed version
of katello to the latest version. It guides user through the upgrade proces
allowing to interrupt the process after each upgrade step.

Upgrade steps are divided into a separate scripts which can be found in
B</usr/share/katello/install/upgrade-script> directory. There are two types
of scripts, one groups is executed every katello-upgrade run (always scripts)
and the other group is executed only once (once group).

Scripts that have been executed are "marked" in the
B</var/lib/katello/upgrade-history> text file. If you need, for some reason,
to re-execute already marked script, delete the line in this file.

It is highly recommended to read B<Upgrade Guide> and B<Release Notes> documents
before proceeding with the upgrade. Manual steps are rarely necessary before
running katello-upgrade.

Before proceeding, it is recommended to use --describe option to see all
the steps and descriptions ahead of time.

The katello-upgrade command works in interactive and non-interactive mode.
In the interactive mode, one can manually execute each step, skip steps and also
terminate the upgrade process. Non-interactive mode is set via -y option.

All the output is captured in the B</var/log/katello/katello_upgrade.log> file.

=head1 COMMAND LINE PARAMETERS

=over 4

=item --autostop, -a

Stop all the services using B<katello-service stop> command. If any service
fails during stop action, katello-upgrade terminates and you need to fix this
manually. All the services are checked using B<katello-service allstopped> command
before starting the upgrade process

=item --assumeyes, -y

Work non-interactively.

=item --dryrun, -n

Print the upgrade steps without doing anything.

=item --quiet, -q

Do not output anything on the stdout/stderr. Log file is still used.

=item --describe

Show all steps and descriptions which are planned for execution.

=item --trace

Print stacktrace on error (useful for debugging or reporting errors in katello-upgrade
itself).

=item --noservicecheck

Do not check if all services are stopped prior upgrade (use with care).

=item --norootcheck

Do not check if executed under root account (do not use, only for debugging purposes).

=item --deployment=DEPLOYMENT

Force deployment (katello or headpin) instead of detecting this from the answer
file (do not use, only for debugging purposes).

=item --help, -h

Display short summary of all options.

=back

=head1 VERSION

THE_VERSION

=head1 SEE ALSO

katello(8), katello(1)
